# InYourOwnTime

This is the **Final Project** of Lucas and Emmanuel and Tito.

Our project, "In your own time," is a fitness timer app that is compatible with MacOS, and the source code for the app is located within this GitHub repository. The function and use of the app is basically that it allows users so set and create custom timing intervals. Users are able to login with the credentials they create and from there can manually design a series of "on" and "off" timers that regulate one's execise.

To use our project download Xcode on a Macbook device. Then, download the submitted InYourOwnTime.zip file. Show this file in folder and double click the file to create an "In Your Own Time" folder with all of the relevant source code. This folder will be titled something like "In Your Own Time" or "In Your Own Time (2)". Open this folder and copy all of the files by using the command + A and command + C functions on the keyboard, effectively copying all of the relevant files that must be iported to VS code. After this, one must open up VS code and choose the "create new project" option. Choose the "App" option and then the "next" button. After naming the project and selecting "Swift Testing with XCTest UI Tests" as the testing system, one can hit next and be taken to a page where the "create" button in the bottom right can be pressed. Hit this button and you should be see a navigator of the project on the left. Click in the "Preview Content" option and use the command + v function to paste in the relevant files. Below what you copy (right beneath the "Assets" option) there should be a default "ContentView" tab which should be deleted. There should also be a file that is called "project name"App two files below the deleted content view file. THs file should also be deleted. After this is all complete, the play button should run the code an allow testing. 

Once successfully running the project, a user can create a username and password by typing into the fields that we have created and clicking the login button. Within the app, one can create a new timer, and add as many different intervals as one desires. For each of these intervals, there is an adjacent cell for an integer to be entered. THe left column representst the amount of "on" time or time for exercise while the right side represents the amount of "off" time or time for rest. The app features a prototypical save button which ideally saves the timers that users creat. 
